Consent requests APIs (preview) (#11819)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/api/adminconsentrequestpolicy-get.md

doc_type: apiPageType
---

# Get adminConsentRequestPolicy
Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Read the properties and relationships of an [adminConsentRequestPolicy](../resources/adminconsentrequestpolicy.md) object.

## Permissions
One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

|Permission type|Permissions (from least to most privileged)|
|:---|:---|
|Delegated (work or school account)|Policy.Read.All, Policy.ReadWrite.ConsentRequest|
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account)|Not supported.|
|Application|Policy.Read.All, Policy.ReadWrite.ConsentRequest|

When calling on behalf of a user, the user needs to belong to one of the following directory roles. To learn more about directory roles, see [Azure AD built-in roles](/azure/active-directory/roles/permissions-reference):
+ Global Administrator
+ Global Reader
+ Cloud Application Administrator
+ Application Administrator

## HTTP request

<!-- {
  "blockType": "ignored"
}
-->
``` http
GET /policies/adminConsentRequestPolicy
```

## Optional query parameters

> This method supports the `$select` OData query parameter to help customize the response. For general information, see [OData query parameters](/graph/query-parameters).

Reviewer: When we say a particular parameter can be used, it might be good to provide an example showing how it can be used.

---
title: "Get adminConsentRequestPolicy"
description: "Read the properties and relationships of an adminConsentRequestPolicy object."
author: "psignoret"
localization_priority: Normal
ms.prod: "identity-and-sign-in"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# Get adminConsentRequestPolicy
Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Read the properties and relationships of an [adminConsentRequestPolicy](../resources/adminconsentrequestpolicy.md) object.

## Permissions
One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

|Permission type|Permissions (from least to most privileged)|
|:---|:---|
|Delegated (work or school account)|Policy.Read.All, Policy.ReadWrite.ConsentRequest|
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account)|Not supported.|
|Application|Policy.Read.All, Policy.ReadWrite.ConsentRequest|

> The work or school account needs to belong to one of the following roles:
> + Global administrator
> + Global Reader
> + Cloud App Administrator
> + Application Administrator

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The work or school account needs to belong to one of the following [directory roles](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/roles/permissions-reference):
+ Global Administrator
+ Global Reader
+ Cloud Application Administrator
+ Application Administrator
```
